doc: styled-components has stable version (#53539)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/05-styling/03-css-in-js.mdx

### Styled Components

> Below is an example of how to configure `styled-components@v6.0.7` or greater:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of how to configure `styled-components@6` or new:
```
